Add `wb_supervisor_node_get_pose` function (#2932)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/supervisor.md

```MATLAB
position = wb_supervisor_node_get_position(node)
orientation = wb_supervisor_node_get_orientation(node)

> pose = wb_supervisor_node_get_pose(node, from_node=0)

Reviewer: I am not sure the default value of 0 is supported in MATLAB. Did you check it?

Author: I think it is better now

Reviewer: Yes, it looks very good.

Where *p* is a point whose coordinates are given with respect to the local coordinate system of a node, *R* the rotation matrix returned by the `wb_supervisor_node_get_orientation` function, *T* is the position returned by the `wb_supervisor_node_get_position` function and *p'* represents the same point but this time with coordinates expressed in the global (world) coordinate system.

The `wb_supervisor_node_get_pose` function returns an array of 16 values.
The array shall be interpreted as a 4 x 4 [transformation matrix](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transformation_matrix) that represents an absolute transform of the node.

> If the `from_node` argument is given than the function returns a relative pose of the node in respect of the node `from_node`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function returns the relative pose of the node with respect to the node specified in `from_node`. If `from_node` is null, it returns the absolute pose of the node in the global coordinate system.
```
